*Reflection and Evaluation*

1. Reflection on own contribution to the project

Every week of the project we met online with the teachers and the project-owner.
When I met with the project-owner it became clearer and clearer what the goal of this project was.
Concluded in one sentence, our goal of the project was to predict the number of parcels which needed to be delivered the next day.

Tim gave us data of six different customers; the number of parcels which they processed from January 2015 to March 2020.
This was only a start of the given data, because all of the group members had to sign a Non-Disclosure Agreement.
After everyone signed these agreements, Tim provided data on three-hundred different customers to work on.

My job was to analyse the data provided by Tim, to come up with a way to predict these numbers of packages for the next day, while modelling with Python.
Three groupmembers went and analysed the data using multiverate linear regression, while the two others and me searched for timeserie-models.
We found eleven timeserie-models and made a selection of what kinds of models could be used for our given dataset.
It was expected and ofcourse clear that this needed to be done before applying these models to the dataset.
Without this literature study, there could not be a start in processing the data.

After agreeing on the steps and models to be applied, I started working in Python.
Some models were extensions of other models, so I started working on the most simple one first.
About one model was produced every week, which made the timeschedule more clear, also for the other groupmembers.

After building all the selected models, the most extensive one came out as the best model for the dataset.
Making one model for each customer was not realisable, so it was performed for a selected number of customers.
Although the models were not perfect, they were good enough for the project-owner.

All and all I am pretty satisfied with the results.
The work I have done was sufficiently in my opinion, because I got a faster handling in modelling.
Some members were struggling sometimes, so I could assist them when necessary.
I was able to explain the different kinds of models thouroughly and understandable.
Something I would do differently next time, is to study literature more early, so I can get to action more quickly.

