*Reflection and Evaluation*

2. Reflection on own learning objectives

At the start of this minor, I had no experience in any type of coding or programming what so ever.
Even the names of some of the coding-programs were unfamilair to me.
Some statements made by the teachers and some of the students also made me clueless.
Some of my groupmembers did have some experience so they could somewhat help me getting started.

Writing code was essential to complete this project, so I had to get experience somehow.
Due to the manditory DataCamp courses, my knowledge in writing code was expending by the day.
There were ten manditory DataCamp courses which needed to be completed in a certain amount of time.
Due to this deadline the motivation of performing these courses was higher then the amount of motivation I would normally have.

Every monday a lecture was also being given about coding and programming and what types of results and factors might come in play.
Tips of how to deal with these were also given.
This made a better view on how coding works with every lecture.


With no experience, starting with coding right away was no option for me.
The vagueness of the project in the beginning also did not help with this.
After following the lectures and the DataCamp courses, starting to code was made excessible.

In the beginning from working at the project my coding was not really up to speed.
With some very slow coding and not a lot of understanding what the results were, many things were left undiscovered.
But as the project went on, I got faster and faster at coding, with a better feeling of the results.
Also the lectures made more sense as the minor continued.

At around the middle of the project, my skills in coding in Python exceeded some of my groupmembers aswell as my own expectations.
They were also somewhat surprised of me getting to coding better and also complimented me.
These progressing coding skills also resulted in me helping them when they were struggling with some code.

I think I did a pretty good job of getting a better understanding on certain subjects, jargon and trying to code.
When relating to the beginning, I also surprised myself on what I am capable to achieve now.
Something I would do a little bit differently, is to also complete some more DataCamp courses that are not manditory.
I think that will help the next time to get an even better overview of different kinds of topics.
