*Reflection and Evaluation*

3. Evaluation on the group project as a whole

As mentioned before, this minor is setup with different kinds of groups, each group representing a different real life problem.
In the beginning, you could choose which group to join, with a max of six people.
No one knew eachother in the beginning, so to cooperate and communicate with eachother was difficult.

When social contact was still allowed, the whole group met together with the project-owner Tim.
This made a fine impression on who was in the group, and to get a feeling of everyones characters.

Because there were still so many things uncertain and we all did not know eachother very well, working together was somewhat slow.
As the project continued, as a group we also noticed this slow progress.
Ofcourse it was evident that every groupmember should try their best on working together.
After meeting with the various teachers the project became more clearly.

When the objectives of the project became more clear, the group started to perform better.
Not only the group as a whole became a more stable one, results also started to get formed.
If someone struggled with some code, or with a certain question, the threshold of asking others became lower and lower.

Also the distribution of objectives became more distinct.
Every morning we had a meeting with our group to discuss our findings the day before and the objectives for that day.
This made us have a better view of what everyone was doing.

Every meeting I made sure everyone said what he wanted to say.
I asked if anyone wanted to add something before the end, so everyone was satisfied with the meeting.
I found this very important, because if someone is uncomfortable, it will effect the whole group.

I think this group has made huge steps in working together.
From the start as mentioned the group did not function as it should.
While working on the project, having to communicate with eachother on a daily basis, the group got closer and closer.

Some thing I would do differently the next time I will have to work in a group, is to ask more questions.
Not only questions that will stop me from progressing in the necessary work, but also the group itself.
Asking how everyone is doing, if they need any help, if the still have something to say.

I believe asking these questions will help to get a stronger and more effective group.
